docs: add note about vddk secret namespace (#4713)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/create-manage-vm/advanced-topics/migrate-vm-kubevirt.md

    documentation for guidance.
  - The migration host must have access to your image registry.
  - If you are using a private image registry, you must create a Secret to be used for the migration. The Secret must be

>     in the form of a YAML file and the `metadata.name` value must be `vddk-image-pull-secret`. The `metadata.namespace`
>     value should be left blank, it will be automatically populated by Palette CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in the form of a YAML file and the `metadata.name` value must be `vddk-image-pull-secret`. The `metadata.namespace`
    value should be left blank, as the Palette CLI will automatically populate it.
```

    ```

    You can then use this output to create your own Secret manually. Ensure that the `metadata.name` is set to

>     `vddk-image-pull-secret` and the `metadata.namespace` is left blank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `vddk-image-pull-secret`, and the `metadata.namespace` is left blank or omitted.
```
